Added simple checkbox  component definition (#1982)
IDEMSInternational/parenting-app-ui: documentation/docs/components/simple_checkbox.md

# Checkbox

> A checkbox allows users to make a choice between two distinct options or states. It consists of a small square that can be either checked (selected) or unchecked (deselected) by the user. The  square contains a checkmark when selected and is empty when not selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A checkbox allows users to make a choice between two distinct options or states. It consists of a small square that can be either checked (selected) or unchecked (deselected) by the user. The square contains a checkmark when selected and is empty when not selected.
```

> A checkbox is a graphical user interface (GUI) element that allows users to make a binary choice, typically between two distinct options or states. It consists of a small box that can be either checked (selected) or unchecked (deselected) by the user. The checkbox is often represented by a small square or circle with a checkmark inside when selected and empty when not selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A checkbox is a graphical user interface (GUI) element that allows users to make a choice between two distinct options or states. It consists of a small square that can be either checked (selected) or unchecked (deselected) by the user. The  square contains a checkmark when selected and is empty when not selected.
```
